SDMCLI> help domain
domain 
      The domain command manages the domain overlays and their associated physical domains 
   Syntax: 
      domain <command> 

Available commands for domain are:
      focus     - Focuses the CLI on a specified domain
 

SDMCLI> help exit
exit 
      The exit command exits the command line interface. 
   Syntax: 
      exit 

SDMCLI> help logout
logout 
      The logout command exits the command line interface. 
   Syntax: 
      logout 


SDMCLI> help passwd
passwd 
      The passwd command changes the 'admin' and 'user' account passwords.

      NOTE:  Regardless of which account password is being changed, the
             current 'admin' password will need to be supplied first 
   Syntax: 
      passwd (admin | user) 

   Examples: 
      o Change the password for the 'user' account
        sdmcli> passwd user
        Please enter the current 'admin' password:
        Please enter the new password for user:
        Please re-enter the new password for user:
        Changing password for user
        Password changed. 

SDMCLI> help quit
quit 
      The quit command exits the command line interface. 
   Syntax: 
      quit
 

SDMCLI> help show
show 
      The show command displays information about the domain, its
      configuration, zoning, and details about devices in the SAS domain. 
   Syntax: 
      show <command> 

Available commands for show are:
      alias     - Show details about all defined aliases
      device    - Show details about devices in the domain
      domain    - Show details about all domains actively being managed
      phy       - Show details about the phys in the domain
      version   - Show details about the CLI and daemon versions
      zonegroup - Show details about defined Zone Groups
      zoneset   - Show details about defined Zone Sets
      log       - Show details about event log
      invalidt2t - Show details about invalid table to table links.
      discoveryconfig - Show details about discovery settings.
 

SDMCLI> help config
config 
      The config command is used for either backup or restore of current state .
      such as aliases, zoning details about devices in the SAS domain. 
   Syntax: 
      config <command> 

Available commands for config are:
      backup     - Backup the current SDM database in new .bin file.
      restore    - Restore the backed up database to the current domain.
      discovery  - Configures discovery settings. 
 

SDMCLI> help zonegroup
zonegroup 
      The zonegroup command allows for the creation and deletion of zone groups.
      A zone group is a collection of phys on one or more SAS zoning expanders
      (like LSI SAS switches).  Zone groups can then be given permission to
      communicate with phys in other zone groups (including permission to
      phys within the zone group itself as such permission is not granted by
      default) by adding the zone groups to a zone set.
      NOTE:  Making changes to a zone group will not affect active zoning.
             Only when a zone set is activated are changes made to the domain. 
   Syntax: 
      zonegroup [<command>] 

Available commands for zonegroup are:
      add      - Add a domain phy (a phy on a zoning expander) to an existing
                 zone group
      create   - Create a zone group
      delete   - Delete a zone group
      rename   - Rename a zone group
      remove   - Remove a domain phy (a phy on a zoning expander) from an
                 existing zone group. 

SDMCLI> help zoneset
zoneset 
      The zoneset command allows for the creation and deletion of zone sets.
      A zone set is a collection of zone group's pairs which have been given
      permission to communicate with each other.
      NOTE:  Making changes to a zone set will not affect active zoning.
             Only when a zone set is activated are changes made to the domain. 
   Syntax: 
      zoneset [<command>] 

Available commands for zoneset are:
      activate   - Activate zoning in the domain using a zone set definition
      add        - Add permission between two zone groups to a zone set
      create     - Create a zone set
      deactivate - Disable zoning for the domain (allows unrestricted access
                   between all phys so all end devices will be able to access
                   each other).
      delete     - Delete a zone set
      passwd     - Configures the zone manager password on all zoning
                   expanders throughout the domain.
      rename     - Rename a zone set
      remove     - Remove permission between two zone groups from a zone set. 

SDMCLI> help alias
alias 
      The alias command allows for the creation and deletion of aliases.
      An alias is a user defined name that is bound to a SAS Address.  Once
      created, the alias can be used anywhere that a SAS Address would normally
      be used. 
   Syntax: 
      alias [<command>] 

Available commands for alias are:
      create   - Create an alias (i.e. create a user defined name for a
                 SAS Address)
      delete   - Delete one or more aliases 
      rename   - Rename the alias
 

SDMCLI> help device
device 
      The device command configures individual expanders or switches
      within the domain. 
   Syntax: 
      device (<sas_address> | <alias>)[:<phy>] [command] 

Available commands for device are:
      disable        - Disable a specific expander PHY
      enable         - Enable a specific expander PHY
      reset          - Resets a device, PHY, or PHY counters
      update         - Installs a new firmware image on a device
      rescan         - Updates the SES data for the device
      ip             - Updates the IP address of a switch
      date           - Updates the date and time of a switch/expander.
      snmp           - Updates the SNMP values.
      monitor        - Updates performance monitor set and time base.
      threshold      - Updates the threshold values of a switch/expander. 



SDMCLI> help
help 
      The help command provides the documentation for all of the commands
      available in the CLI. 
   Syntax: 
      help [<command>] 
 
   Usage: 
      help [<command>]
         Displays detailed help for a specific command if [<command>] is
         provided, otherwise it displays a list of all available commands. 

   Examples: 
      o To get a list of all the available SHOW commands type 'help show'
        at the command prompt.
      o To get detailed help for the 'show domain device' command, type
        'help show domain device' at the command prompt. 

Available commands for help are:
      alias     - Allows to create, delete and rename aliases.
      device    - Configures individual device (expander or switch)
                  within the domain.
      domain    - Selects the domain on which the CLI is focused.
      exit      - Logs out and exits the CLI.
      logout    - Logs out and exits the CLI.
      passwd    - Changes the password for an account.
      quit      - Logs out and exits the CLI.
      show      - Display information about the connected SAS domain,
                  devices, phys, aliases and zoning.
      zonegroup - Allows for the creation and deletion of zonegroups.
      zoneset   - Allows for the creation, deletion and activation of zonesets.
      config    - Allowing the backing up or restoring of SDM-Configuration,
                  or modifying discovery settings. 

SDMCLI> 
